super news everyone Nvidia just
announced their RTX 40 super series of
gpus and we are getting a super early
look at the 4080 super I've got
everything I need this super screwdriver
to unbox it and install it this super
computer to put it in and this super
laptop with all my notes about it except
I can't really read it from here I have
a super idea ah much better let's take a
look at this thing shall we at the top
end the main difference is not in the
spec for your Cuda cores tensor cores
Shader cores and raate tracing cores you
are getting increases of 5.26 7.17 6.12
and
7.07% respectively you're getting a
1.59% increase in boost clock speed and
the same 16 gigs of gddr 6X memory the
big difference here is the price tag
it's no longer as super overpriced
dropping from $1.99 for the 4080 down to
$9.99 meaning that if you want to run
your games at 4K High refresh rate on
the latest monitors this is basically
going to be the card to power that to
demonstrate we're going to get this card
installed in the system then we're going
to play some games but to do that I have
to get back to the other side of this
table which
is a much more onerous process than you
would probably imagine while we walk why
don't I tell you about the 470 TI super
and the 4070 super for these cards we're
not really getting any pricing decrease
so they're still going to be at $7.99
and 5.99 respectively but the difference
is that we get much bigger bumps to the
spec so the 470 TI super gets to be
about 10% faster across the board and
gets a bump from 12 gigs to 16 gigs of
gddr 6X memory as for the 470 well it
doesn't get the memory bump
unfortunately but it gets by far the
biggest spec bump increasing upwards of
20% across Cuda course tensor course
Shader course and Ray tracing course one
moment please while you check out this
message from our sponsor thanks to be
quiet for sponsoring our CES 2024
coverage if you're shopping for your
next PC build or just new components in
general make sure to check out be quiet
their premium products include PC cases
power supplies Water and Air Cooling and
fans for desktop PCS with roots in
Germany they've been in the industry for
more than 20 years and specialize in
making high quality parts that are
nearly inaudible this year at CES
they're showcasing their new white PC
cases white fans and even white hard
drive cages step into the world of
Silent Computing with be quiet at the
link down below now all I got to do is
put together my I don't want to call it
TSA safe cuz I think it's at their
discretion but I got it through customs
and security screwdriver and get this
bad boy installed this is a fun fact
while the idle power consumption rated
for this card goes up up by 2 wats the
load power consumption actually goes
down a little bit and this is in spite
of it being rated to run at a higher
boost clock so the only conclusion I can
draw is that Nvidia has managed to
refine their manufacturing on these a
little over the last year speaking of
things that have uh needed some
refinement let's go ahead and get our
power connector installed this has been
a bit of a thorn in their side but my
understanding is if you're using the
first party Nvidia adapters there
haven't been any reports of any kind of
melting lately
let's get this bad boy installed and I
don't know bend it a lot with the heat
gun don't bend it at all depends who you
ask let's just plug it in I have not
personally witnessed any of these
melting but I mean we've all seen the
Reddit threads giving myself props for
installing connectors properly
yeah cool let's fire it
up and yeah we're in a different room
that system was running some kind of
conversational AI n PC demo thing this
is Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 no not
that Modern Warfare 3 the other Modern
Warfare 3 the one that is actually
difficult to drive at 4K
240 frames per second and yet my friends
here we are is dlss on dlss is on frame
gen is on why do you have dlss on at
this kind of performance level I get it
Nvidia wants to show off the performance
benefits of dlss and to any one who
doesn't cover the stuff for a living the
uh difference probably wouldn't have
been immediately noticeable in fact it
looks really really good these days but
here's the thing about the 480 super you
don't really need
it I am still getting over 100 frames
per second and this to me is one of the
most beautiful things about PC gaming
you can run the game however you want
rather than how the you know console
manufacturer the game developer decides
you should run it for me oh man I'm torn
on this one CU is already really smooth
at 100 frames per second but on this
monitor this is the new Alienware 4K 240
Herz
OLED I'm really torn I'm going to look
at it
again good Lord is that ever smooth and
unlike when you're using dlss you know
to go from a native 35 to 55 or 60 you
are much less likely to notice any kind
of motion artifacts because the natural
blur of your eyes makes them pretty hard
to pick out I don't even know who I'm
fighting but it's still cool probably
that guy I hope what how is he not dead
I saw so what how many times I have to
shoot this guy oh he's probably on my
team then no wait he's totally not on my
team where is he no this guy's not on my
team how many times you have to shoot
this guy oh brutal what a violent game
not going to let my kids play this game
it is definitely the mark of a good
Hardware demo that I just kind of Lose
Myself and start playing video games but
I can't do that right now because I have
something else it's really important to
show you guys this right here is the
next evolution in the work that Nvidia
has been doing over the last 10 years on
variable refresh rate gaming and more
recently low persistence displays so
what we're looking at is a prototype
display from auss that runs at 144p 360
HZ but unlike the ones that we checked
out recently with those OLED panels from
Samsung display this is an IPS which
raises the question of how can it
possibly have motion Clarity this good
realistically there's no way to show
this to you guys without a full Pursuit
camera setup and we didn't bring one to
the show so you'll have to trust me when
I say that turning the switch on and off
goes from a blurry smear mess
to Clarity that I've rarely if ever seen
on an LCD and what's really wild is
they've got the demo only running at 120
HZ with the GPU underclocked I asked
them if they can turn it up and the
results were really shocking ah there we
go now compared to an OLED you're still
going to get a little bit of pixel
overdrive artifacting which manifest as
kind of like a faint shadow that leads
an object as it moves across the screen
but the main image has Clarity the likes
of which I have never seen on an LCD and
to nvidia's credit maybe darn close to
those 360 HZ oleds which shouldn't even
be possible with the difference in pixel
response time but here's the thing some
of the blurriness that you perceive in
moving objects is actually because of
your eye and strobing the backlight
helps to alleviate that so until we can
strobe the backlight of an OLED which to
my knowledge has not been combined with
variable refresh rate at this
time no yeah you would have to drive an
OLED much much more faster than you
would an LCD where you have a backlight
that you can strobe and the Special
Sauce of getting this all to work
together very BL refresh rate with all
the different oh man all the different
overdrives that you would have to have
for all the different color transitions
it's not ready yet but it's going to be
a contender lots of other cool stuff in
here but nothing as cool as getting
subscribed to short circuit if you guys
enjoyed this video don't miss any of our
other show coverage I could be that guy
and be like oh we did a really cool
video in amd's Booth I mean they didn't
have anything that really competes with
you guys
anyway